---
title: Funzionalità di conformità e sicurezza in archiviazione Exchange Online
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- compliance-and-security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: 7482322a-39fe-4a99-b29c-63cb1bc3cf1f
ms.openlocfilehash: b03c74e0c760cf22c12e6973a544553d119471fe
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: it-IT
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132740"
---
# <a name="compliance-and-security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-102">Funzionalità di conformità e sicurezza in archiviazione Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-102">Compliance and security features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

## <a name="compliance-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-103">Funzionalità di conformità in Archiviazione Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-103">Compliance features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-104">Nelle sezioni seguenti vengono descritte le funzionalità di conformità di Microsoft Archiviazione Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-104">The following sections describe the compliance features of Microsoft Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="retention-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-105">Criteri di conservazione</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-105">Retention policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-106">Archiviazione Exchange Online fornisce dei criteri di conservazione che consentono alle organizzazioni di ridurre le responsabilità associate ai messaggi di posta elettronica e ad altre comunicazioni.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-106">Exchange Online Archiving offers retention policies to help organizations reduce the liabilities associated with email and other communications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-107">Con questi criteri, gli amministratori possono applicare le impostazioni di conservazione a specifiche cartelle nelle cassette postali degli utenti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-107">With these policies, administrators can apply retention settings to specific folders in users' inboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-108">Gli amministratori possono anche fornire agli utenti un menu di criteri di conservazione e consentire loro di applicare i criteri a elementi, conversazioni o cartelle specifici utilizzando Outlook 2010 o versione successiva o Outlook sul Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-108">Administrators can also give users a menu of retention policies and let them apply the policies to specific items, conversations, or folders using Outlook 2010 or later or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-109">In Archiviazione Exchange Online gli amministratori gestiscono i criteri di conservazione dall'infrastruttura locale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-109">In Exchange Online Archiving, administrators manage retention policies from the on-premises infrastructure.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-110">Exchange Online Archiving offers two types of policies: archive and delete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-110">Exchange Online Archiving offers two types of policies: archive and delete.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-111">Both types can be applied to the same item or folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-111">Both types can be applied to the same item or folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-112">For example, a user can tag an email message so that it is automatically moved to the personal archive in a specified number of days and deleted after another span of days.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-112">For example, a user can tag an email message so that it is automatically moved to the personal archive in a specified number of days and deleted after another span of days.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-113">Con Outlook 2010 e versioni successive e Outlook sul Web, gli utenti possono applicare i criteri di conservazione alle cartelle, alle conversazioni o ai singoli messaggi ed è inoltre possibile visualizzare i criteri di conservazione applicati e le date di eliminazione previste nei messaggi.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-113">With Outlook 2010 and later and Outlook on the web, users can apply retention policies to folders, conversations, or individual messages and can also view the applied retention policies and expected deletion dates on messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-114">Anche gli utenti di altri client di posta elettronica possono utilizzare le funzionalità di eliminazione o archiviazione dei messaggi in base ai criteri di conservazione sul lato server configurati dall'amministratore, ma non possono usufruire dello stesso livello di visibilità e controllo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-114">Users of other email clients can have email deleted or archived based on server-side retention policies provisioned by the administrator, but they do not have the same level of visibility and control.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-115">The retention policy capabilities offered in Exchange Online Archiving are the same as those offered in Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 2 (SP2) and later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-115">The retention policy capabilities offered in Exchange Online Archiving are the same as those offered in Exchange Server 2010 Service Pack 2 (SP2) and later.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-116">Administrators can manage retention policies from on-premises Exchange Server 2010 and later environments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-116">Administrators can manage retention policies from on-premises Exchange Server 2010 and later environments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-117">Managed Folders, an older approach to messaging records management that was introduced in Exchange 2007, are not available in and not compatible with Exchange Online Archiving.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-117">Managed Folders, an older approach to messaging records management that was introduced in Exchange 2007, are not available in and not compatible with Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-118">For more details, see [Retention Tags and Retention Policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=314153).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-118">For more details, see [Retention Tags and Retention Policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=314153).</span></span>
  
### <a name="in-place-hold-and-litigation-hold"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-119">Archiviazione sul posto e conservazione per controversia legale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-119">In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-120">When a reasonable expectation of litigation exists, organizations are required to preserve electronically stored information (ESI), including email that's relevant to the case.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-120">When a reasonable expectation of litigation exists, organizations are required to preserve electronically stored information (ESI), including email that's relevant to the case.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-121">This expectation can occur before the specifics of the case are known, and preservation is often broad.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-121">This expectation can occur before the specifics of the case are known, and preservation is often broad.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-122">Organizations may preserve all email related to a specific topic, or all email for certain individuals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-122">Organizations may preserve all email related to a specific topic, or all email for certain individuals.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-123">In Exchange Online, è possibile utilizzare Conservazione in locale o Conservazione per controversia legale per raggiungere i seguenti obiettivi:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-123">In Exchange Online, you can use In-Place Hold or Litigation Hold to accomplish the following goals:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-124">Consentire agli utenti di conservare gli elementi della cassetta postale in maniera iimmutabile</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-124">Enable users to be placed on hold and preserve mailbox items immutably</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-125">Conservare gli elementi della cassetta postale eliminati dagli utenti o da processi di eliminazione automatica, quali Gestione record di messaggistica</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-125">Preserve mailbox items deleted by users or automatic deletion processes such as MRM</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-126">Proteggere gli elementi della cassetta postale da alterazione dei dati, modifiche apportate da un utente o processi automatici, salvando una copia dell'elemento originale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-126">Protect mailbox items from tampering, changes by a user, or automatic processes by saving a copy of the original item</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-127">Conservare elementi a tempo indeterminato o per un determinato periodo di tempo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-127">Preserve items indefinitely or for a specific duration</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-128">Mantenere trasperanti le conservazioni dall'utente, non dovendo sospendere MRM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-128">Keep holds transparent from the user by not having to suspend MRM</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-129">Utilizzare eDiscovery locale per effettuare la ricerca degli elementi delle cassette postali, compresi quelli conservati</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-129">Use In-Place eDiscovery to search mailbox items, including items placed on hold</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-130">Inoltre, è possibile utilizzare l'archiviazione sul posto per:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-130">Additionally, you can use In-Place Hold to:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-131">Ricercare e conservare gli elementi che corrispondono a specifici criteri</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-131">Search and hold items matching specified criteria</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-132">Inserire un utente in più archiviazioni sul posto per differenti casi o indagini</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-132">Place a user on multiple In-Place Holds for different cases or investigations</span></span>
    
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-133">Quando imposta una cassetta postale sull'archiviazione sul posto o sul blocco per controversia legale, la conservazione interessa sia la cassetta postale primaria che quella di archiviazione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-133">When you put a mailbox on In-Place Hold or Litigation Hold, the hold is placed on both the primary and the archive mailbox.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-134">Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere [Conservazione in locale](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-134">For more information, see [In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746).</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-135">Per gli utenti di Archiviazione Exchange Online, la quota predefinita per la cartella degli elementi ripristinabili è pari a 100 GB.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-135">The default quota for the Recoverable Items Folder is 100 GB for Exchange Online Archiving users.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="in-place-ediscovery"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-136">eDiscovery sul posto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-136">In-Place eDiscovery</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-137">Exchange Online Archiving supports In-Place eDiscovery for searching the contents of mailboxes in an organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-137">Exchange Online Archiving supports In-Place eDiscovery for searching the contents of mailboxes in an organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-138">Using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell from an on-premises Exchange 2013 server, administrators or authorized Discovery managers can search a variety of mailbox items - including email messages, attachments, calendar appointments, tasks, and contacts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-138">Using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell from an on-premises Exchange 2013 server, administrators or authorized Discovery managers can search a variety of mailbox items - including email messages, attachments, calendar appointments, tasks, and contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-139">In-Place eDiscovery can search simultaneously across primary mailboxes and archives.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-139">In-Place eDiscovery can search simultaneously across primary mailboxes and archives.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-140">Rich filtering capabilities include sender, receiver, message types, sent date, received date, carbon copy, and blind carbon copy, along with Keyword Query Language (KQL) syntax.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-140">Rich filtering capabilities include sender, receiver, message types, sent date, received date, carbon copy, and blind carbon copy, along with Keyword Query Language (KQL) syntax.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-141">For more details, see [In-Place eDiscovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314169).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-141">For more details, see [In-Place eDiscovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314169).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-142">The Exchange admin center and remote Windows PowerShell can be used to search up to 5,000 mailboxes at a time in an In-Place eDiscovery search.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-142">The Exchange admin center and remote Windows PowerShell can be used to search up to 5,000 mailboxes at a time in an In-Place eDiscovery search.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-143">For details about using remote Windows PowerShell to run In-Place eDiscovery searches, see [New-MailboxSearch](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314170).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-143">For details about using remote Windows PowerShell to run In-Place eDiscovery searches, see [New-MailboxSearch](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314170).</span></span> 
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-144">In remote Windows PowerShell, the  `Search-Mailbox` cmdlet can be used to search more than 5,000 mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-144">In remote Windows PowerShell, the  `Search-Mailbox` cmdlet can be used to search more than 5,000 mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-145">For details about searching large numbers of mailboxes using remote Windows PowerShell, see [Search-Mailbox](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314171).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-145">For details about searching large numbers of mailboxes using remote Windows PowerShell, see [Search-Mailbox](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314171).</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-146">Results of an In-Place eDiscovery search can be previewed in the Exchange admin center, exported to a .pst file, or copied to a special type of mailbox, called a discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-146">Results of an In-Place eDiscovery search can be previewed in the Exchange admin center, exported to a .pst file, or copied to a special type of mailbox, called a discovery mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-147">Administrators or compliance officers can connect to the discovery mailbox to review messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-147">Administrators or compliance officers can connect to the discovery mailbox to review messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-148">For details, see [Create an In-Place eDiscovery Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314172).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-148">For details, see [Create an In-Place eDiscovery Search](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314172).</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-149">When copying search results for an In-Place eDiscovery search performed across on-premises and cloud-based mailboxes or archives, you must select an on-premises discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-149">When copying search results for an In-Place eDiscovery search performed across on-premises and cloud-based mailboxes or archives, you must select an on-premises discovery mailbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-150">Messages from the on-premises primary mailbox and the cloud-based archive are copied to the on-premises discovery mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-150">Messages from the on-premises primary mailbox and the cloud-based archive are copied to the on-premises discovery mailbox.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-151">Administrators can also search for and delete inappropriate email messages sent to multiple mailboxes across their organizations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-151">Administrators can also search for and delete inappropriate email messages sent to multiple mailboxes across their organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-152">For example, if confidential salary information was accidentally sent to all employees, an administrator can delete the email from the users' mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-152">For example, if confidential salary information was accidentally sent to all employees, an administrator can delete the email from the users' mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-153">This type of search is not available in the Exchange admin center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-153">This type of search is not available in the Exchange admin center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-154">It must be performed using Remote PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-154">It must be performed using Remote PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-155">For details on how to delete messages from users' mailboxes, see [Search and Delete Messages](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314173).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-155">For details on how to delete messages from users' mailboxes, see [Search and Delete Messages](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314173).</span></span>
  
## <a name="security-features-in-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-156">Funzionalità di sicurezza in Archiviazione Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-156">Security features in Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-157">Nelle sezioni seguenti vengono descritte le funzionalità di sicurezza di Microsoft Archiviazione Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-157">The following sections describe the security features of Microsoft Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="encryption-between-on-premises-servers-and-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-158">Crittografia tra server locali e Archiviazione Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-158">Encryption between on-premises servers and Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-159">Per crittografare la connessione tra server di posta elettronica, in modo da evitare lo spoofing e offrire la necessaria riservatezza per i messaggi in transito, viene utilizzato TLS (Transport Layer Security).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-159">TLS is used to encrypt the connection between email servers to help prevent spoofing and provide confidentiality for messages in transit.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-160">TLS viene utilizzato anche per la protezione del traffico del server di posta elettronica locale nei Data Center Microsoft per l'archiviazione Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-160">TLS is also used for securing on-premises mail server traffic to Microsoft datacenters for Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
  
### <a name="encrypting-between-clients-and-exchange-online-archiving"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-161">Crittografia tra client e Archiviazione Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-161">Encrypting between clients and Exchange Online Archiving</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-162">Per una maggiore sicurezza, le connessioni tra client e Archiviazione Exchange Online utilizzano i seguenti metodi di crittografia:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-162">Client connections to Exchange Online Archiving use the following encryption methods to enhance security:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-163">SSL viene utilizzato per proteggere Outlook, Outlook sul Web e il traffico dei servizi Web di Exchange, utilizzando la porta TCP 443.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-163">SSL is used for securing Outlook, Outlook on the web, and Exchange Web Services traffic, using TCP port 443.</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-164">Le connessioni client ai server locali rimangono invariate con l'introduzione di Archiviazione Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-164">Client connections to on-premises servers do not change with the introduction of Exchange Online Archiving.</span></span>
    
### <a name="encryption-smime-and-pgp"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-165">Crittografia: S/MIME e PGP</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-165">Encryption: S/MIME and PGP</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-166">Exchange Online Archiving will store Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (S/MIME) messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-166">Exchange Online Archiving will store Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (S/MIME) messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-167">However, Exchange Online Archiving does not host S/MIME functions or host the public keys, nor does it provide key repository, key management, or key directory services because all of these services attach to the on-premises Exchange infrastructure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-167">However, Exchange Online Archiving does not host S/MIME functions or host the public keys, nor does it provide key repository, key management, or key directory services because all of these services attach to the on-premises Exchange infrastructure.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-168">Analogamente, Archiviazione Exchange Online archivia messaggi crittografati tramite soluzioni di crittografia client di terze parti, come PGP (Pretty Good Privacy).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-168">Similarly, Exchange Online Archiving will store messages that are encrypted using client-side, third-party encryption solutions such as Pretty Good Privacy (PGP).</span></span>
  
### <a name="information-rights-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-169">Information Rights Management</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-169">Information Rights Management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-170">Exchange Online Archiving does not provide hosted Information Rights Management (IRM) services, but administrators can use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-170">Exchange Online Archiving does not provide hosted Information Rights Management (IRM) services, but administrators can use on-premises Active Directory Rights Management Services (AD RMS).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-171">If an AD RMS server is deployed, Outlook can communicate directly with that server, enabling users to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-171">If an AD RMS server is deployed, Outlook can communicate directly with that server, enabling users to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-172">If interoperability between the AD RMS server and the on-premises Exchange environment is configured, users will be able to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-172">If interoperability between the AD RMS server and the on-premises Exchange environment is configured, users will be able to compose and read IRM-protected messages.</span></span>
  
#### <a name="support-for-irm-in-outlook-on-the-web"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-173">Supporto di IRM in Outlook sul Web</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-173">Support for IRM in Outlook on the web</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-174">Gli utenti possono leggere e creare messaggi protetti con IRM in modo nativo in Outlook sul Web, proprio come in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-174">Users can read and create IRM-protected messages natively in Outlook on the web, just as they can in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-175">È possibile accedere ai messaggi protetti tramite IRM in Outlook sul Web tramite Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari e Chrome (senza che sia necessario alcun plug-in).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-175">IRM-protected messages in Outlook on the web can be accessed through Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome (with no plug-in required).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-176">Per i messaggi sono disponibili la ricerca di testo, la visualizzazione delle conversazioni e il riquadro di anteprima.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-176">The messages include full-text search, conversation view, and the preview pane.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-177">Per abilitare questa funzionalità è necessario che sia configurata l'interoperabilità tra il server AD RMS e l'ambiente locale di Exchange.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-177">Interoperability between the Active Directory Rights Management Services server and the on-premises Exchange environment must be configured to enable this.</span></span>
  
#### <a name="irm-search"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-178">Ricerca IRM</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-178">IRM search</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-179">I messaggi protetti tramite IRM sono indicizzati e supportano l'esecuzione di ricerche nei vari componenti, inclusi intestazioni, oggetto, corpo del messaggio e allegati.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-179">IRM-protected messages are indexed and searchable, including headers, subject, body, and attachments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-180">Gli utenti possono cercare gli elementi protetti tramite IRM in Outlook e Outlook sul Web e gli amministratori possono cercare gli elementi protetti tramite IRM utilizzando eDiscovery sul posto o il cmdlet **Search-Mailbox** .</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-180">Users can search IRM-protected items in Outlook and Outlook on the web, and administrators can search IRM-protected items by using In-Place eDiscovery or the **Search-Mailbox** cmdlet.</span></span>
  
### <a name="auditing"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-181">Controllo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-181">Auditing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-182">Archiviazione Exchange Online include due tipi di funzionalità di controllo predefinite:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-182">Exchange Online Archiving provides two types of built-in auditing capabilities:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-183">**Registrazione di controllo dell'amministratore** Consente ai clienti di tenere traccia delle modifiche apportate dagli amministratori nell'ambiente di Archiviazione Exchange Online, incluse le modifiche ai ruoli RBAC o ai criteri e alle impostazioni di Exchange.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-183">**Administrator audit logging** Administrator audit logging allows customers to track changes made by their administrators in the Exchange Online Archiving environment, including changes to RBAC roles or Exchange policies and settings.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="779a0-184">**Registrazione di controllo della cassetta postale** Consente ai clienti di tenere traccia degli accessi alle cassette postali eseguiti da utenti che non ne sono i legittimi proprietari.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-184">**Mailbox audit logging** Mailbox audit logging allows customers to track access to mailboxes by users other than the mailbox owner.</span></span> 
    
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-185">Several predefined audit reports are available in the Exchange admin center, including Administrator Role Changes, Litigation Hold, and Non-Owner Mailbox Access.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-185">Several predefined audit reports are available in the Exchange admin center, including Administrator Role Changes, Litigation Hold, and Non-Owner Mailbox Access.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-186">Administrators can filter reports by date and role, and they can export all audit events for specified mailboxes in XML format for long-term retention or custom reporting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-186">Administrators can filter reports by date and role, and they can export all audit events for specified mailboxes in XML format for long-term retention or custom reporting.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="779a0-187">Administrator audit logging is on by default, and mailbox audit logging is off by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-187">Administrator audit logging is on by default, and mailbox audit logging is off by default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-188">Administrators can use remote Windows PowerShell to enable mailbox audit logging for some or all mailboxes in their organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-188">Administrators can use remote Windows PowerShell to enable mailbox audit logging for some or all mailboxes in their organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="779a0-189">For more information, see [Auditing Reports](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314175).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-189">For more information, see [Auditing Reports](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=314175).</span></span>
  
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="779a0-190">Disponibilità delle funzionalità</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-190">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="779a0-191">Per visualizzare la disponibilità delle funzionalità tra piani, opzioni autonome e soluzioni locali, vedere [Exchange Online Archiving Service Description](exchange-online-archiving-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="779a0-191">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premise solutions, see [Exchange Online Archiving service description](exchange-online-archiving-service-description.md).</span></span>
  

