---
title: Destinatari
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- exchange-online-recipients
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: da22b03a-c981-49c6-9928-4312c2c5e2ee
description: In questo argomento sono descritte le funzionalità correlate ai destinatari incluse con Microsoft Exchange Online. Questo include le funzionalità di posta elettronica, contatti, gruppi di distribuzione, calendario e pianificazione.
ms.openlocfilehash: a2d1f37bf4f86399522573d18177f6c397fd761c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: it-IT
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132640"
---
# <a name="recipients"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-104">Destinatari</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-104">Recipients</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-105">This topic describes recipient-related features included with Microsoft Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-105">This topic describes recipient-related features included with Microsoft Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-106">This includes email, contacts, distribution groups, and calendar and scheduling capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-106">This includes email, contacts, distribution groups, and calendar and scheduling capabilities.</span></span>
  
## <a name="email"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-107">Posta elettronica</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-107">Email</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-108">Every Microsoft Exchange Online subscriber receives a mailbox, and specialty mailboxes are available for scheduling facilities resources (such as conference rooms) and for multiuser access to shared email addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-108">Every Microsoft Exchange Online subscriber receives a mailbox, and specialty mailboxes are available for scheduling facilities resources (such as conference rooms) and for multiuser access to shared email addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-109">Maximum storage limits apply to most mailboxes, and administrators can control allowable mailbox sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-109">Maximum storage limits apply to most mailboxes, and administrators can control allowable mailbox sizes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-110">Automated notifications and restrictions can alert users when their mailboxes are nearing, or at, capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-110">Automated notifications and restrictions can alert users when their mailboxes are nearing, or at, capacity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-111">Exchange Online also has several types of message limitations—message size, message rate, and recipient list limits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-111">Exchange Online also has several types of message limitations—message size, message rate, and recipient list limits.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-112">Details of all these features and limits are provided below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-112">Details of all these features and limits are provided below.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-113">Gli indirizzi generali non sono più supportati in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-113">Catch-all addresses are no longer supported in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-114">A causa del filtro dei destinatari sul posto per proteggersi da potenziali messaggi di posta indesiderata, gli indirizzi di posta elettronica che non esistono nell'organizzazione verranno rifiutati.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-114">Due to recipient filtering in place to protect against potential spam messages, email addresses that do not exist in your organization will be rejected.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="mailbox-types-storage-limits-and-capacity-alerts"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-115">Tipi di cassetta postale, limiti di archiviazione e avvisi di capacità</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-115">Mailbox types, storage limits, and capacity alerts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-116">The amount of mailbox storage available to a user and the default mailbox size are determined by the mailbox type and the user's subscription license.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-116">The amount of mailbox storage available to a user and the default mailbox size are determined by the mailbox type and the user's subscription license.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-117">Administrators can reduce maximum mailbox sizes per user or globally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-117">Administrators can reduce maximum mailbox sizes per user or globally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-118">Exchange Online also provides notifications when a user's mailbox is nearing, or at, capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-118">Exchange Online also provides notifications when a user's mailbox is nearing, or at, capacity.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-119">Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere la sezione "limiti di archiviazione delle cassette postali" e "avvisi di capacità" nell'argomento [Exchange Online limits](exchange-online-limits.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-119">For more information, see the "Mailbox storage limits" and "Capacity alerts" sections in the topic, [Exchange Online limits](exchange-online-limits.md).</span></span>
  
### <a name="mailtips"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-120">Suggerimenti messaggio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-120">MailTips</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-121">MailTips are automated, informative messages that appear above the To: line while users are composing or addressing a message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-121">MailTips are automated, informative messages that appear above the To: line while users are composing or addressing a message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-122">They are designed to help prevent accidental delivery, policy violations, or unnecessary non-delivery reports (NDRs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-122">They are designed to help prevent accidental delivery, policy violations, or unnecessary non-delivery reports (NDRs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-123">For example, MailTips can generate an alert if senders try to send messages to overly large groups, to groups that contain external recipients, or to a distribution group that is moderated or restricted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-123">For example, MailTips can generate an alert if senders try to send messages to overly large groups, to groups that contain external recipients, or to a distribution group that is moderated or restricted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-124">For more information, see [MailTips](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=401472).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-124">For more information, see [MailTips](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=401472).</span></span>
  
### <a name="delegate-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-125">Accesso delegato</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-125">Delegate access</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-126">Exchange Online supporta l'accesso delegato, ovvero la possibilità per gli utenti di delegare ad altri la gestione della propria posta elettronica e dei calendari.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-126">Exchange Online supports delegate access—the ability for users to allow others to manage their email and calendars.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-127">L'accesso delegato è in genere utilizzato tra manager e assistente, quando l'assistente si occupa dei messaggi di posta elettronica in arrivo del manager e ne coordina l'agenda.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-127">Delegate access is commonly used between a manager and an assistant, where the assistant processes the manager's incoming email messages and coordinates the manager's schedule.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-128">L'accesso delegato può essere abilitato dagli utenti di Exchange online in Outlook o Outlook sul Web o dagli amministratori nell'interfaccia di amministrazione di Exchange.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-128">Delegate access can be enabled by Exchange Online users in Outlook or Outlook on the web, or by administrators in the Exchange Admin Center.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-129">Per i delegati sono disponibili due tipi di accesso:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-129">Delegates can have two types of access:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-130">**Autorizzazioni Invia per conto di** Il delegato può comporre messaggi di posta elettronica e immettere il nome dell'altra persona nel campo Da, in cui sarà visualizzato come "[nome delegato] per conto di [nome della persona]".</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-130">**Send on Behalf permissions** The delegate can compose email messages and enter the other person's name in the From field, where it will be displayed as "[delegate name] on behalf of [person's name]."</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-131">**Send As permissions** The delegate can send messages from the other person's mailbox as if the delegate were the mailbox owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-131">**Send As permissions** The delegate can send messages from the other person's mailbox as if the delegate were the mailbox owner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-132">This scenario is common where there is a shared mailbox and several employees send email messages from that shared mailbox instead of from their Exchange Online accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-132">This scenario is common where there is a shared mailbox and several employees send email messages from that shared mailbox instead of from their Exchange Online accounts.</span></span> 
    
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-133">Per ulteriori informazioni su come concedere la delega di accesso, vedere [Gestire le autorizzazioni per i destinatari](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj919240%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-133">For more information about delegating access, see [Manage Permissions for Recipients](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj919240%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
### <a name="inbox-rules"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-134">Regole di Posta in arrivo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-134">Inbox rules</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-135">Exchange Online consente agli utenti di creare regole di posta in arrivo che eseguono automaticamente azioni specifiche basate su criteri sui messaggi in arrivo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-135">Exchange Online allows users to create inbox rules that automatically perform specific, criteria-based actions on messages as they arrive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-136">Ad esempio, è possibile creare una regola per spostare automaticamente tutta la posta in una cartella specifica se la posta è stata inviata a un determinato gruppo di distribuzione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-136">For example, they can create a rule to automatically move all mail to a specific folder if the mail was sent to a certain distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-137">Gli utenti gestiscono le regole di posta in arrivo da Outlook o Outlook sul Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-137">Users manage inbox rules from Outlook or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-138">Gli amministratori possono bloccare determinati tipi di regole di posta in arrivo disabilitando l'inoltro e/o le risposte automatiche sul lato server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-138">Administrators can block certain types of inbox rules by disabling server-side forwarding and/or server-side automatic replies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-139">Ad esempio, disabilitando l'inoltro della posta elettronica sul lato server si impedisce agli utenti l'inoltro automatico dei messaggi di posta elettronica agli account personali.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-139">For example, disabling server-side email forwarding can prevent users from automatically forwarding email to personal accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-140">In modo analogo, disabilitando le risposte automatiche sul lato server si impedisce agli utenti esterni di utilizzare tali risposte allo scopo di identificare indirizzi di posta elettronica validi.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-140">Similarly, disabling server-side automatic replies can prevent outside parties from using these replies to identify valid email addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-141">Tali modifiche vengono effettuate tramite Windows PowerShell remoto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-141">These changes are made through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="clutter"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-142">Messaggi secondari</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-142">Clutter</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-143">Clutter is designed to help you focus on the most important messages in your inbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-143">Clutter is designed to help you focus on the most important messages in your inbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-144">It uses machine learning to de-clutter your inbox by moving lower priority messages out of your way and into a new Clutter folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-144">It uses machine learning to de-clutter your inbox by moving lower priority messages out of your way and into a new Clutter folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-145">Clutter respects your existing email rules, so if you have created rules to organize your email those rules continue to be applied and Clutter won't act on those messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-145">Clutter respects your existing email rules, so if you have created rules to organize your email those rules continue to be applied and Clutter won't act on those messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-146">Clutter is disabled by default for your inbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-146">Clutter is disabled by default for your inbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-147">To learn more, see [De-clutter your inbox in Office 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2014/11/11/de-clutter-inbox-office-365/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-147">To learn more, see [De-clutter your inbox in Office 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2014/11/11/de-clutter-inbox-office-365/).</span></span>
  
### <a name="connected-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-148">Account connessi</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-148">Connected accounts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-149">La funzionalità account connessi consente agli utenti di Exchange Online di connettere gli account di posta elettronica esterni (ad esempio gli account personali) ai propri account di posta elettronica interni in Exchange Online e quindi di utilizzare Outlook sul Web per interagire con tutti i messaggi in un'unica posizione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-149">The Connected Accounts feature lets Exchange Online users connect external email accounts (such as personal accounts) to their internal email accounts in Exchange Online, and then use Outlook on the web to interact with all their messages in one place.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-150">Gli account connessi vengono sincronizzati automaticamente al momento dell'accesso a Outlook sul Web. Gli utenti possono anche sincronizzare manualmente gli account da Outlook sul Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-150">Connected Accounts automatically synchronize upon sign-in to Outlook on the web; users can also manually synchronize the accounts from Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-151">Gli amministratori possono abilitare e disabilitare questa funzionalità per determinati utenti o per tutti gli utenti nell'[Interfaccia di amministrazione di Exchange](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=785297&amp;clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-151">Administrators can enable and disable this feature for specific users or all users through the [Exchange admin center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=785297&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
### <a name="inactive-mailboxes"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-152">Cassette postali inattive</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-152">Inactive mailboxes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-153">Exchange Online provides the capability to preserve the contents of deleted mailboxes indefinitely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-153">Exchange Online provides the capability to preserve the contents of deleted mailboxes indefinitely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-154">This feature is called inactive mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-154">This feature is called inactive mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-155">A mailbox becomes inactive when an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold is placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-155">A mailbox becomes inactive when an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold is placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-156">This results in the contents of the mailbox being preserved indefinitely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-156">This results in the contents of the mailbox being preserved indefinitely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-157">Administrators, compliance officers, or record managers can use the In-Place eDiscovery feature in Exchange Online to access the contents of an inactive mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-157">Administrators, compliance officers, or record managers can use the In-Place eDiscovery feature in Exchange Online to access the contents of an inactive mailbox.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-158">L'abilitazione di una cassetta postale inattiva prevede che alla cassetta venga assegnata una licenza di Exchange Online (Piano 2) o una sottoscrizione per l'archiviazione in Exchange Online in modo che sia possibile applicare alla cassetta postale l'attributo per la conservazione o un blocco per controversie prima che venga eliminata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-158">Enabling an inactive mailbox requires that the mailbox is assigned an Exchange Online (Plan 2) license or has an Exchange Online Archiving subscription so that an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold can be placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-159">If a hold isn't placed on a mailbox before it's deleted, the contents of the mailbox will not be preserved or discoverable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-159">If a hold isn't placed on a mailbox before it's deleted, the contents of the mailbox will not be preserved or discoverable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-160">The mailbox can be recovered within 30 days of deletion, but the mailbox and its contents will be permanently deleted after 30 days if it isn't recovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-160">The mailbox can be recovered within 30 days of deletion, but the mailbox and its contents will be permanently deleted after 30 days if it isn't recovered.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-161">Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-161">For more information, see:</span></span>
  
- [<span data-ttu-id="e369e-162">Gestire le cassette postali inattive in Exchange Online</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-162">Manage inactive mailboxes in Exchange Online</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=286991)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="e369e-163">Conservazione in locale e per controversia legale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-163">In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746)
    
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-164">l'articolo relativo a [eDiscovery sul posto](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271747)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-164">[In-Place eDiscovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271747)</span></span>
    
## <a name="contacts-and-distribution-groups"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-165">Contatti e gruppi di distribuzione</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-165">Contacts and distribution groups</span></span>

### <a name="offline-address-book"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-166">Rubrica offline</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-166">Offline address book</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-167">La caratteristica Rubrica fuori rete fornisce un'istantanea delle informazioni di Active Directory disponibili nell'elenco indirizzi globale (GAL) di Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-167">The offline address book feature provides a snapshot of the Active Directory information available in the Outlook Global Address List (GAL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-168">Lo snapshot è memorizzato nella cache locale in Outlook per essere disponibile quando l'utente lavora fuori rete.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-168">It is cached locally in Outlook to make it available when a user is working offline.</span></span>
  
### <a name="address-book-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-169">Criteri delle rubriche</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-169">Address book policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-170">Exchange Online supporta i criteri della Rubrica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-170">Exchange Online supports address book policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-171">I criteri della rubrica consentono di suddividere gli utenti in gruppi specifici per fornire viste personalizzate dell'Elenco indirizzi globale dell'organizzazione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-171">Address book policies (ABPs) allow you to segment users into specific groups to provide customized views of your organization's global address list (GAL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-172">Quando si crea un criterio delle rubriche, si assegna un Elenco indirizzi globale, una Rubrica offline, un elenco di sale e uno o più elenchi indirizzi al criterio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-172">When creating an ABP, you assign a GAL, an offline address book (OAB), a room list, and one or more address lists to the policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-173">È quindi possibile assegnare il criterio rubrica agli utenti delle cassette postali, fornendo loro l'accesso a un elenco indirizzi globale personalizzato in Outlook e Outlook sul Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-173">You can then assign the ABP to mailbox users, providing them with access to a customized GAL in Outlook and Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-174">Gli amministratori possono configurare questi criteri utilizzando Windows PowerShell Remote.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-174">Administrators can configure address book policies by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-175">Per ulteriori informazioni sui criteri della rubrica, vedere [Rubriche in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=394203).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-175">To learn more about Address Book Policies, see [Address Books in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=394203).</span></span>
  
### <a name="address-lists"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-176">Elenchi di indirizzi</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-176">Address lists</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-177">Exchange Online supporta la personalizzazione di elenchi indirizzi e GAL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-177">Exchange Online supports the customization of address lists and GALs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-178">Un elenco indirizzi globale è una directory a livello di organizzazione di tutti gli utenti abilitati alla posta elettronica, i gruppi di distribuzione e i contatti esterni.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-178">A GAL is an organization-wide directory of all mail-enabled users, distribution groups, and external contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-179">Gli amministratori possono nascondere utenti, gruppi di distribuzione e contatti dall'elenco indirizzi globale utilizzando lo strumento di sincronizzazione della directory o Windows PowerShell remoto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-179">Administrators can hide users, distribution groups, and contacts from the GAL by using the Directory Synchronization tool or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="hierarchical-address-books"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-180">Rubriche gerarchiche</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-180">Hierarchical address books</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="e369e-181">Hierarchical address books allow end users to browse for recipients in their Exchange organization using an organizational hierarchy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-181">Hierarchical address books allow end users to browse for recipients in their Exchange organization using an organizational hierarchy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-182">Administrators can customize the address book by seniority and rank rather than alphabetical listings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-182">Administrators can customize the address book by seniority and rank rather than alphabetical listings.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="distribution-groups-global"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-183">Gruppi di distribuzione (globali)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-183">Distribution groups (global)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-184">Un gruppo di distribuzione (o elenco di distribuzione) è una raccolta di utenti, contatti e altri gruppi di distribuzione disponibili in una società.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-184">A distribution group (or distribution list) is a collection of users, contacts, and other distribution groups that are available to all users in a company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-185">Per inviare messaggi a tutti i componenti di un gruppo di distribuzione, gli utenti indirizzano la posta elettronica all'alias del gruppo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-185">Users address email to a distribution group alias to send messages to all people in the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-186">I gruppi di distribuzione sono simili ai gruppi di distribuzione personali creati dai singoli utenti in Outlook, con la differenza che gli elenchi dei membri sono disponibili per la società a livello globale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-186">Distribution groups are similar to personal distribution groups that individuals create in Outlook, only their member lists are globally available to the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-187">I gruppi di distribuzione vengono creati dagli amministratori nell'interfaccia di amministrazione di Exchange.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-187">Administrators create distribution groups in the Exchange admin center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-188">I gruppi possono inoltre essere sincronizzati con Exchange Online da Active Directory locale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-188">The groups can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-189">Vengono visualizzati nell'elenco indirizzi globale in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-189">They appear in the GAL in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-190">Exchange Online supporta le funzionalità dei gruppi di distribuzione avanzate, tra cui quelle descritte qui di seguito:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-190">Exchange Online supports advanced distribution group capabilities, including these described below:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-191">**Restricted distribution groups** By default, anyone can send emails to any distribution group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-191">**Restricted distribution groups** By default, anyone can send emails to any distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-192">Administrators can change permissions to allow only specific individuals to send emails to a particular group—for example, to discourage inappropriate use of large distribution lists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-192">Administrators can change permissions to allow only specific individuals to send emails to a particular group—for example, to discourage inappropriate use of large distribution lists.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-193">Administrators can also block external sources from sending email to distribution groups to help prevent spam.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-193">Administrators can also block external sources from sending email to distribution groups to help prevent spam.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-194">For distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory using the Directory Synchronization tool, the attributes for restriction are synchronized to the cloud automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-194">For distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory using the Directory Synchronization tool, the attributes for restriction are synchronized to the cloud automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-195">For more information, see [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-195">For more information, see [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-196">**Dynamic distribution groups** The membership list for a dynamic distribution group (also known as a dynamic distribution list, or query-based distribution list) is calculated every time a message is sent to the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-196">**Dynamic distribution groups** The membership list for a dynamic distribution group (also known as a dynamic distribution list, or query-based distribution list) is calculated every time a message is sent to the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-197">This calculation is based on filters and conditions that the administrator defines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-197">This calculation is based on filters and conditions that the administrator defines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-198">They are managed in Exchange Online through remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-198">They are managed in Exchange Online through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-199">For more information about dynamic distribution groups, see [Manage Dynamic Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/bb123722%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-199">For more information about dynamic distribution groups, see [Manage Dynamic Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/bb123722%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="e369e-200">The Office 365 Directory Synchronization tool ignores dynamic distribution groups in on-premises Active Directory, and does not synchronize these to Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-200">The Office 365 Directory Synchronization tool ignores dynamic distribution groups in on-premises Active Directory, and does not synchronize these to Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-201">Organizations that use the Directory Synchronization tool should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between the regular distribution groups that are managed on-premises and the dynamic distribution groups that are managed in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-201">Organizations that use the Directory Synchronization tool should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between the regular distribution groups that are managed on-premises and the dynamic distribution groups that are managed in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-202">**Moderated distribution groups** Administrators can select a moderator to regulate the flow of messages to a distribution group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-202">**Moderated distribution groups** Administrators can select a moderator to regulate the flow of messages to a distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-203">With moderated distribution groups, anyone can email the distribution group alias, but before the message is delivered to the members of the group, a moderator must review and approve it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-203">With moderated distribution groups, anyone can email the distribution group alias, but before the message is delivered to the members of the group, a moderator must review and approve it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-204">For more information about moderation, see the Message Approval section in [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-204">For more information about moderation, see the Message Approval section in [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-205">**Self-Service distribution groups** Administrators can give users the ability to manage their own distribution group membership from a web-based interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-205">**Self-Service distribution groups** Administrators can give users the ability to manage their own distribution group membership from a web-based interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-206">Users can be given permissions to create, delete, join, or leave distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-206">Users can be given permissions to create, delete, join, or leave distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-207">These capabilities are enabled by default for all Exchange Online users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-207">These capabilities are enabled by default for all Exchange Online users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-208">Administrators can disable them so that only the IT department can manage distribution groups, if desired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-208">Administrators can disable them so that only the IT department can manage distribution groups, if desired.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-209">They can also create naming policies to standardize and manage the names of distribution groups that their users create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-209">They can also create naming policies to standardize and manage the names of distribution groups that their users create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-210">For example, they can add a specific prefix or suffix to the distribution group name when it is created, or block specific words from being used in the group's name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-210">For example, they can add a specific prefix or suffix to the distribution group name when it is created, or block specific words from being used in the group's name.</span></span> 
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="e369e-211">Self-service capabilities are not available for distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory to Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-211">Self-service capabilities are not available for distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory to Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-212">Organizations that use Directory Synchronization should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between distribution groups that are managed on-premises and distribution groups that are managed in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-212">Organizations that use Directory Synchronization should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between distribution groups that are managed on-premises and distribution groups that are managed in the cloud.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="external-contacts-global"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-213">Contatti esterni (globali)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-213">External contacts (global)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-214">Per contatto esterno si intende un record con informazioni su una persona che lavora esternamente all'organizzazione specificata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-214">An external contact is a record with information about a person who works outside of a specified organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-215">I contatti esterni sono simili ai contatti personali creati dai singoli utenti in Outlook, con la differenza che i contatti esterni sono disponibili per la società a livello globale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-215">External contacts are similar to personal contacts that individuals create in Outlook, only they are globally available to the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-216">I contatti esterni vengono creati dagli amministratori nell'interfaccia di amministrazione di Exchange o in Windows PowerShell Remote.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-216">Administrators create external contacts using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-217">I contatti possono inoltre essere sincronizzati con Exchange Online da Active Directory locale.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-217">These contacts can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-218">Vengono visualizzati nell'elenco indirizzi globale in Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-218">They appear in the GAL in Outlook.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-219">Per ulteriori informazioni sui contatti esterni, vedere [Creazione di una relazione dell'organizzazione in Exchange Online.](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj916671%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-219">For more information about external contacts, see [Create an organization relationship in Exchange Online](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj916671%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
## <a name="calendar-and-scheduling"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-220">Calendario e pianificazione</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-220">Calendar and scheduling</span></span>

### <a name="resource-mailboxes"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-221">Cassette postali per la risorsa</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-221">Resource mailboxes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-222">Le cassette postali per le risorse (ad esempio per sale runioni e attrezzature) rappresentano le sale riunioni oppure altre strutture o risorse di una società.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-222">Resource mailboxes (such as for conference rooms and physical equipment) represent a company's meeting rooms or other facilities or resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-223">Gli utenti possono prenotare sale o risorse aggiungendo l'alias di posta elettronica della risorsa alle convocazioni di riunione in Outlook o Outlook sul Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-223">Users can reserve rooms or resources by adding the resource's email alias to meeting requests in Outlook or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-224">Le sale riunioni e le risorse vengono visualizzate nell'elenco indirizzi globale in Outlook e Outlook sul Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-224">Conference rooms and resources appear in the GAL in Outlook and Outlook on the web.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-225">Administrators create resource mailboxes using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-225">Administrators create resource mailboxes using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-226">The mailboxes can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-226">The mailboxes can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-227">Per ulteriori informazioni sulle cassette postali per le risorse, vedere:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-227">For more information about resource mailboxes, see:</span></span>
  
- [<span data-ttu-id="e369e-228">Creazione e gestione delle cassette sala</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-228">Create and manage room mailboxes</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717533&amp;clcid=0x409)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="e369e-229">Gestire le cassette postali dell’attrezzatura</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-229">Manage equipment mailboxes</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717534)
    
### <a name="conference-room-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-230">Gestione delle sale riunioni</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-230">Conference room management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-231">Exchange Online includes the Resource Booking Attendant (RBA), which automates scheduling of conference rooms and other resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-231">Exchange Online includes the Resource Booking Attendant (RBA), which automates scheduling of conference rooms and other resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-232">A resource mailbox that is RBA-configured accepts, declines, or acknowledges meeting requests from a meeting organizer based on the resource's calendar availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-232">A resource mailbox that is RBA-configured accepts, declines, or acknowledges meeting requests from a meeting organizer based on the resource's calendar availability.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-233">Gli amministratori possono personalizzare le risposte alle sale riunioni automatizzate e configurare i criteri di prenotazione in Outlook sul Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-233">Administrators can customize automated conference room responses and configure booking policies in Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-234">Nei criteri sono inclusi l'autore della programmazione, l'ora e il giorno della programmazione, le informazioni sulla riunione visibili nel calendario della risorsa e la percentuale di conflitti di programmazione consentiti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-234">These policies include who can schedule the resource, when it can be scheduled, what meeting information is visible on the resource's calendar, and the percentage of scheduling conflicts allowed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-235">Gli amministratori possono disabilitare Operatore Prenotazione risorse e assegnare a utenti specifici la gestione manuale delle convocazioni di riunioni.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-235">Administrators can disable the Resource Booking Attendant and assign specific users to manually manage meeting requests for conference rooms.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-236">Gli amministratori devono definire e gestire le impostazioni RBA mediante Windows PowerShell remoto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-236">Administrators must define and manage RBA settings through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="out-of-office-replies"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-237">Risposte Fuori sede</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-237">Out-of-office replies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-238">Out-of-office messages are automatic replies to incoming messages that Exchange Online sends on behalf of a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-238">Out-of-office messages are automatic replies to incoming messages that Exchange Online sends on behalf of a user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-239">Users can schedule out-of-office messages in advance, with specific start and end times, and can configure separate out-of-office messages for internal and external recipients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-239">Users can schedule out-of-office messages in advance, with specific start and end times, and can configure separate out-of-office messages for internal and external recipients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-240">They can also set out-of-office messages from mobile devices that support this Exchange ActiveSync feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-240">They can also set out-of-office messages from mobile devices that support this Exchange ActiveSync feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-241">Junk-email and mailing-list awareness within Exchange Online prevents users from sending external out-of-office messages to extended mailing lists and potential spammers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-241">Junk-email and mailing-list awareness within Exchange Online prevents users from sending external out-of-office messages to extended mailing lists and potential spammers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-242">Administrators can also prevent users from sending out-of-office messages to external users using remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-242">Administrators can also prevent users from sending out-of-office messages to external users using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="calendar-sharing"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-243">Condivisione del calendario</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-243">Calendar sharing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-244">Gli utenti possono condividere il calendario personale in uno dei due modi seguenti:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-244">Users can share their personal calendar in one of two ways:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-245">**Condivisione calendario federata** La federazione fa riferimento all'infrastruttura di trust sottostante che supporta la condivisione federata, un metodo semplice per gli utenti di Exchange per condividere le informazioni relative al calendario e ai contatti con i destinatari in altre organizzazioni esterne federate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-245">**Federated calendar sharing** Federation refers to the underlying trust infrastructure that supports federated sharing, an easy method for Exchange users to share free/busy calendar data and contact information with recipients in other external federated organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-246">Sono incluse le organizzazioni di Exchange Online oppure organizzazioni di Exchange Server 2010 o Exchange Server 2013 locali.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-246">These include Exchange Online organizations or organizations running Exchange Server 2010 or Exchange Server 2013 on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-247">Gli amministratori di Exchange Online non devono configurare una relazione di trust con Microsoft Federation Gateway perché questa relazione di trust è preconfigurata per tutti i clienti di Exchange Online quando viene creato il servizio Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-247">Exchange Online administrators do not need to set up a trust with the Microsoft Federation Gateway because this trust is pre-configured for all Exchange Online customers when the Microsoft service is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-248">Un criterio di condivisione predefinito consente agli utenti di inviare inviti alla condivisione del calendario da Outlook sul Web o Outlook 2010.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-248">A default sharing policy allows users to send calendar-sharing invitations from Outlook on the web or Outlook 2010.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-249">In Windows PowerShell remoto, gli amministratori possono disabilitare il criterio o configurare il livello dei dati del calendario relativi alla disponibilità che gli utenti possono condividere.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-249">Administrators use remote Windows PowerShell to disable this policy or to configure the level of free/busy calendar data that users can share.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-250">Possono inoltre creare una relazione tra organizzazioni con un'altra organizzazione federata, che consente la visibilità tra le organizzazioni del livello desiderato di informazioni sulla disponibilità per ogni utente senza alcun invito alla condivisione da parte dei singoli utenti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-250">Administrators can also create an organization-to-organization relationship with another federated org, which allows the desired level of free/busy information for every user to be visible cross-organization without the need for individual users to make a sharing invitation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-251">Nell'ambito dei criteri di condivisione definiti dagli amministratori e/o delle relazioni tra organizzazioni, gli utenti possono definire individualmente i dettagli delle future condivisioni.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-251">Within the scope of administrator-defined Sharing Policies and/or organization-organization relationships, users can individually limit the detail of their sharing further.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-252">**Condivisione calendario su Internet** In Exchange Online gli utenti possono pubblicare i propri calendari utilizzando il formato iCal per l'accesso anonimo di tutti gli utenti, internamente o esternamente all'organizzazione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-252">**Internet calendar sharing** Exchange Online allows users to publish their calendars using the iCal format for anonymous access by anyone inside or outside the organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-253">I destinatari possono utilizzare Exchange, una piattaforma diversa o semplicemente un browser Web.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-253">Recipients can be using Exchange, another platform, or simply a web browser.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-254">Gli utenti di Exchange Online possono anche abbonarsi ai calendari pubblicati da altre persone in posizioni Internet tramite iCal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-254">Exchange Online users can also subscribe to calendars that others have published to internet locations through iCal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-255">La condivisione dei calendari personali è diversa dalla condivisione dei calendari federata, che viene configurata da un amministratore e offre condivisione della disponibilità tra organizazioni.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-255">This personal calendar sharing is different than federated calendar sharing, which is configured by an administrator and provides organization-to-organization free/busy sharing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-256">Nessun utente può pubblicare dati del calendario in formato iCal finché l'amministratore non ha impostato e applicato un criterio di condivisione che lo consenta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-256">No user can publish calendar data in iCal format until the administrator has set and applied a sharing policy that allows it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-257">Gli amministratori possono disabilitare la pubblicazione e le sottoscrizioni iCal per gli utenti di un'organizzazione utilizzando Windows PowerShell remoto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-257">Administrators can disable iCal publishing and iCal subscriptions for users in an organization by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="e369e-258">Per ulteriori informazioni sulla condivisione federata, vedere [Condivisione in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271774).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-258">For more information about federated sharing, see [Sharing in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271774).</span></span>
  
### <a name="outlook-2010-room-finder"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-259">Ricerca sala di Outlook 2010</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-259">Outlook 2010 Room Finder</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-260">Exchange Online supports the Room Finder feature of Outlook 2010, which arranges rooms into lists (for example, a list called "Building 5 rooms") to make it easier to find a nearby room when scheduling a meeting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-260">Exchange Online supports the Room Finder feature of Outlook 2010, which arranges rooms into lists (for example, a list called "Building 5 rooms") to make it easier to find a nearby room when scheduling a meeting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e369e-261">To appear in the room list, a distribution group must be specially marked using one of two methods:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-261">To appear in the room list, a distribution group must be specially marked using one of two methods:</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-262">Per creare un nuovo elenco di sale, utilizzare Windows PowerShell remoto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-262">A new room list can be created by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="e369e-263">I gruppi di distribuzione che contengono esclusivamente sale possono essere convertiti in elenchi di sale utilizzando Windows PowerShell remoto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-263">Any distribution group that contains only rooms can be converted to a room list through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
    
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="e369e-264">Disponibilità delle funzionalità</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-264">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="e369e-265">Per visualizzare la disponibilità delle funzionalità tra piani, opzioni autonome e soluzioni locali, vedere [Descrizione del servizio Exchange Online](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e369e-265">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premises solutions, see [Exchange Online service description](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span></span>
  