---
title: Partner
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- office-365-partners
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: 4548fc58-0b7c-41c1-890c-d3dc41d24c64
description: As an authorized Microsoft partner, Microsoft Office 365 offers you an opportunity to grow your customer base and create lasting relationships with them. For a monthly or annual fee paid to you, your customers can use cloud-based services so they don't have to manage data backups, server hardware, and server updates. The services available to you depend on the types of services you are authorized to provide.
ms.openlocfilehash: e9de8e6b3aadc5c1dcc7ef9d3949439336220f32
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: it-IT
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45131690"
---
# <a name="partners"></a><span data-ttu-id="b86f3-105">Partner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-105">Partners</span></span>

> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-106">Le funzionalità partner descritte di seguito non sono ancora disponibili in Office 365 gestito da 21Vianet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-106">Partner features as described below are not yet available in Office 365 operated by 21Vianet.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-107">As an authorized Microsoft partner, Microsoft Office 365 offers you an opportunity to grow your customer base and create lasting relationships with them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-107">As an authorized Microsoft partner, Microsoft Office 365 offers you an opportunity to grow your customer base and create lasting relationships with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-108">For a monthly or annual fee paid to you, your customers can use cloud-based services so they don't have to manage data backups, server hardware, and server updates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-108">For a monthly or annual fee paid to you, your customers can use cloud-based services so they don't have to manage data backups, server hardware, and server updates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-109">The services available to you depend on the types of services you are authorized to provide.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-109">The services available to you depend on the types of services you are authorized to provide.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-110">For more information on how to use partner features, see [Build your business and administer your Office 365 partner subscription](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=271614&amp;clcid=0x409) and review the partner features presentation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-110">For more information on how to use partner features, see [Build your business and administer your Office 365 partner subscription](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=271614&amp;clcid=0x409) and review the partner features presentation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-111">To receive access to the partner features, you can join Cloud Essentials by signing the [Microsoft Online Services Partner Agreement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=285473).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-111">To receive access to the partner features, you can join Cloud Essentials by signing the [Microsoft Online Services Partner Agreement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=285473).</span></span> 
  
## <a name="create-trial-invitations-and-purchase-orders"></a><span data-ttu-id="b86f3-112">Creazione di inviti e ordini di acquisto di prova</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-112">Create trial invitations and purchase orders</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-113">You can create and send trial invitations to your customers so they can try Office 365 by using the **Partner overview** page in Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-113">You can create and send trial invitations to your customers so they can try Office 365 by using the **Partner overview** page in Office 365.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-114">The invitation can contain one or more services, depending on the offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-114">The invitation can contain one or more services, depending on the offer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-115">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add an option to the trial invitation that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-115">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add an option to the trial invitation that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-116">This makes it easier for your customer to try Office 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-116">This makes it easier for your customer to try Office 365.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-117">After you've sent a trial invitation for Office 365 to a customer, you can follow up by creating and sending a purchase offer that's customized to fit the needs of your customer including the specific services and the number of licenses your customer needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-117">After you've sent a trial invitation for Office 365 to a customer, you can follow up by creating and sending a purchase offer that's customized to fit the needs of your customer including the specific services and the number of licenses your customer needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-118">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add the option to the purchase offer that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-118">If you're certified to offer delegated administration, you can add the option to the purchase offer that allows you to administer the account on behalf of your customer.</span></span>
  
## <a name="provide-delegated-administration"></a><span data-ttu-id="b86f3-119">Amministrazione delegata</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-119">Provide delegated administration</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-120">Delegated administration allows a partner to have full administrative access to all the customer's services and subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-120">Delegated administration allows a partner to have full administrative access to all the customer's services and subscriptions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-121">This means you can perform administrative tasks on behalf of customers (including setting up mailboxes, adding or removing users and groups, data migration, and submitting service requests to Microsoft Customer Service and Support).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-121">This means you can perform administrative tasks on behalf of customers (including setting up mailboxes, adding or removing users and groups, data migration, and submitting service requests to Microsoft Customer Service and Support).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-122">Delegated administration capability is offered exclusively for partners who are enrolled in Cloud Essentials, Cloud Accelerate or the Cloud Deployment programs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-122">Delegated administration capability is offered exclusively for partners who are enrolled in Cloud Essentials, Cloud Accelerate or the Cloud Deployment programs.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-123">Before you can start administering a customer's account, the customer must authorize you as a delegated administrator.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-123">Before you can start administering a customer's account, the customer must authorize you as a delegated administrator.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-124">To get customer approval, you send them an offer for delegated administration, which you can include with a trial invitation or purchase offer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-124">To get customer approval, you send them an offer for delegated administration, which you can include with a trial invitation or purchase offer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-125">The customer authorizes a Delegated Administration partner by responding to the partner's invitational email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-125">The customer authorizes a Delegated Administration partner by responding to the partner's invitational email.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-126">Ogni cliente ha il diritto di avere un partner di amministrazione delegata.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-126">Each customer is entitled to have one delegated administration partner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-127">Il partner può anche essere un partner di record del cliente, ma non è obbligatorio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-127">This partner can also be a customer's Partner of Record (POR) but does not need to be.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-128">I ruoli di partner di record e amministrazione delegata sono separati e il cliente li assegna separatamente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-128">The roles of POR and delegated administration partners are separate, and the customer designates them separately.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-129">Questo approccio consente al cliente di scegliere un partner per la consulenza sugli acquisti e un altro partner per l'implementazione o i servizi gestiti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-129">This lets a customer choose one partner for purchase advice and another partner for implementation or managed services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-130">Ciò consente anche ai partner di scegliere se specializzarsi in particolare in uno dei due ruoli o se svolgerli entrambi.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-130">It also lets partners choose whether to build business with a specialty in one or both of these roles.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-131">Anche quando un cliente ha autorizzato un partner per lo svolgimento delle attività di amministrazione per suo conto, mantiene comunque il diritto di rivolgersi direttamente al supporto tecnico Microsoft e inviare richieste di servizio.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-131">Even when a customer has authorized a partner to perform administrative tasks on its behalf, the customer can still contact Microsoft support directly and submit service requests.</span></span>
  
## <a name="connect-with-customers-and-other-partners-in-the-office-365-marketplace"></a><span data-ttu-id="b86f3-132">Connessione con i clienti e altri partner in Office 365Marketplace</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-132">Connect with customers and other partners in the Office 365 Marketplace</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-133">The Office 365 Marketplace offers customers the opportunity to find partner services and expertise.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-133">The Office 365 Marketplace offers customers the opportunity to find partner services and expertise.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-134">For more information, see [Get listed in the Marketplace](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272019&amp;clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-134">For more information, see [Get listed in the Marketplace](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272019&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-135">The Microsoft Partner Network is committed to serving the needs of our partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-135">The Microsoft Partner Network is committed to serving the needs of our partners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b86f3-136">To join the network, and to see how Microsoft serves its partners, see [Microsoft Partner Network](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272021&amp;clcid=0x409).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-136">To join the network, and to see how Microsoft serves its partners, see [Microsoft Partner Network](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=272021&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="b86f3-137">Disponibilità delle funzionalità</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-137">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b86f3-138">Per visualizzare la disponibilità delle funzionalità tra i piani di Microsoft 365 e Office 365, vedere [microsoft 365 and office 365 Platform Service Description](office-365-platform-service-description.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b86f3-138">To view feature availability across Microsoft 365 and Office 365 plans, see [Microsoft 365 and Office 365 platform service description](office-365-platform-service-description.md).</span></span>
  